#Super-Resolution Using GANs

# Overview
This project is for demonstrating the usage of GPU, while creating super resolution images for the given input.
GPUs are essential for training Deep Learning based models. For this project I am using SRGAN, which is a generative adversarial network(GAN) 
used for creating super resolution images.

# Dataset
For this project I am using Cityscapes Dataset(https://www.cityscapes-dataset.com/). This is one of the datasets, which is having complex image
scenarios. I have used a subset of this dataset by taking 1/3rd the images of all the subfolders with name of cities in train, test and val set.

# Model Architecture Used
The model uses three components:
1. Generator
  The Generator class consists of convolutional and upsampling layers, which help in transforming low-resolution images to high resolution images as output.
2. Discriminator
   The discriminator is used to check whether the images generated by the Generator are real or fake.

3. Perceptual Loss
   vggL is used to compute the perceptual loss using pre-trained VGG19 network. This helps in generating images that resemble high resolution images.

Both the Generator and Discriminator work in pair in order to give better results.

# How to run the code
Download the subset of the Cityscapes Subset Dataset (https://drive.google.com/file/d/11bMXXsHYVoUF4KrwPjmnJmwCc59vqn4k/view?usp=sharing).
I have used Kaggle for running the code. The GPU used is P100.


# Requirements
The below dependencies are required to run the code:
Python 3.x
PyTorch
NumPy
PIL (Python Imaging Library)
OpenCV
Matplotlib
tqdm
torchvision

# Evaluation Metrics
Metrics such as PSNR and SSIM are being computed against the original high-resolution images.

# Results
Below is the link having the Generator and Discriminator models along with the generated images.
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_u2EW2-lbjkB0pfbg_8iFaFuLXC9nQ0b/view?usp=sharing

After training the model for 15 epochs the results are as follows:
Average PSNR is 20.13144169888745
Average SSIM is 0.6105433073293027
